---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Guest Caps, Members Storage Expectations
date: 2016-11-15
time:
  open: "20:19"
  close: "20:45"
members:
 - Dave Seff
 - Phil Gowenlock
 - Alex Wixted
 - Michael King
 - Rosa Tong
 - Meg Drinkswater
 - Lysa Singh
 - Raul Barrera
 - Ben Barrera
 - Meka Beecham
 - Josh Hogendorn
 - Luke Hovington
 - Aaron Brenoff
 - James Churchill
 - Sven Hanzka
 - Guy Reece
 - Blair Calderara
 - David Bussenschott
 - Eris Ryan
 - Jeffery Chan
 - Mike Ando
 - Anna Morgan
 - Tim Reichie
 - Shane Sugrue
 - Amy Richardson
 - Karl Richardson
 - Craig Brunton
 - Emma Iveas
 - Greg Kelly
 - Stirling Blacket
 - Robert Hast
 - Josh Wilkinson
 - Allan Logan


author: Dave Seff
signed: Brendan Halliday
---

## Agenda

#### Guest Caps
  Proposal to limit members to 2 guests.

#### Our Lease Area

#### Post-Supanova report

#### Members Storage
Proposal that:

* To ensure availability of Members Storage spots, Members should only take up one spot in members storage.
* Members who do not use members storage for a month should take their project home instead of storing it at HSBNE.
* Containers remaining after a month of inactivity from when you last swiped in to members storage or the space in general may be sent to long term storage to clear space for others to use.


---

## Treasury report
Not required due to lack of financial items.


## Meeting Notes
Supanova - 7 volunteers - We ran out of flyers- kits made around $600. We have been invited to do April on the Goldcoast.
Discussions will be coming for storage at HSBNE.

## Votes
Guest caps - 1 against - 6 obstain. Motion passed.
Members Storage -  2 obstain - 1 against. Motion passed.


## Thanks
Meka James, Nog, Doc, mike for supanova
Karl for bumping out
Everyone who helped at SN

